Salutations, esteemed learners.
Welcome back!  We are excited to see you, whether we will be interacting with you on campus or chatting via Zoom or Teams.  This week, we will devote time to advisory and grade level activities.   If they have not already done so, your grade level leaders will reach out soon with details about the times and activities involved for each grade.  Please be reassured: these meetings are voluntary; if you are not able to join us, that won’t be a problem.  Again, look for more information soon from your grade leaders.
Classes will begin virtually on Monday, August 17th.
This Week
*	Monday: Students new to CA will enjoy a virtual class with Mr. Manakhov focusing on CA technology.  See his email for more information.
*	Tuesday: the 12th graders will be on the campus in the morning for advisory and grade level activities.
*	Wednesday: the 11th graders will be on campus in the morning for advisory and grade level activities.
*	Thursday: the 10th graders will be on campus in the morning for advisory and grade level activities.
*	Friday: the 9th graders will be on campus in the morning for advisory and grade level activities.
College Visits
This year, colleges will visit interested juniors and seniors virtually, usually on Wednesdays, our flex days.  We will send out more information soon.
Other News
In my most recent summer newsletter, we welcomed our new faculty.  I am thrilled to add one more name: Dr. Shannon Nix will be joining us, teaching in the Speech and Debate program and stepping in as a 9th grade advisor. The father of two alumni and a frequent volunteer with CA’s Speech and Debate team, he will formally bring his considerable skills to the classroom and advisory program.
Clubs
We will have clubs again this year.  Look for more information soon about our club fair, which may be virtual.
Upcoming dates
8/17                    Classes start virtually
9/7                      Labor Day—no school
9/8                      Classes may move to orange mode, with cohorts on campus two times per week
10/9                    Semester 1 midterm
11/16-11/27      Thanksgiving Break
12/18                  Last day of Semester 1
Welcome back!
Mr. Follet
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
