Salutations, esteemed learners.
Kudos to you, seniors.  The strangeness of the past trimester does not diminish your learning throughout high school; rather, it highlights your ability to deal with the challenges that life creates.  Still, I look forward to seeing you on campus, both for your actual graduation in August, and when you visit in the coming years.  Enjoy this final week.
As well, kudos to StuCo; they are in the process of organizing one final Spirit Week before the seniors leave us.  Look for more information from them shortly.
We are finalizing the updates regarding end of year necessities: the yearbook distribution, locker clean outs, parking tag returns, etc.  Look for more communication early this week.
AP test schedule this week
Courtesy of the College Board, here are the AP tests for this week.  Juniors and seniors, please remember to follow the instructions that the College Board is sending you regarding preparation for the test.
*	Monday: Chinese Language and Culture, Biology, Environmental Science
*	Tuesday: Music Theory, Psychology, Japanese Language and Culture, Italian Language and Culture
*	Wednesday: German Language and Culture, English Language and Composition, Microeconomics
*	Thursday: French Language and Culture, Modern World History, Macroeconomics
*	Friday: Comparative Government and Politics, Statistics, Spanish Language and Culture
As a reminder, if you are taking an AP test, you may miss your synchronous classes that afternoon.
Note from the College Board regarding AP tests this week.
To address some of the issues last week, the College Board has sent the following to all instructors:
•
Beginning Monday, May 18, and continuing through the makeup window, there will be a backup email submission process for browser-based exams.
•
This option will only be available for students who were not able to submit in the standard process—and they must then email their responses immediately following their exam.
•
These students will see instructions about how to email their response on the page that says, "We Did Not Receive Your Response." The email address that appears on this page will be unique to each student.
•
Any student testing between May 18–22 who can't successfully upload their response through the exam platform or send it to us by email, will need to request a makeup exam.
•
To protect the security and validity of exams, we're unable to accept submissions from students who tested May 11–15. However, these students can feel confident that the email option will be in place for them during the makeup exams.
•
Email submissions will not be available for the World Language exams.
Fun surveys
As promised, enjoy.  Click HERE <https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/ZBZFM35>  for this week’s survey.
Clubs
Time / Day
Tues
Wed
Thurs
11-11:25am
300 Seconds, ACSL, Apiary, CA SEEDS, CA Steppers, COEXIST, Conservatives, Investment, Lit Mag, Outdoors, Philosophy, Role Play, SciOly, Spanish, StuCo, Tech Theater, Tri-M
Delta Committees, Math, Startup Challenge, USAYPT
African American AG, Basketball Analytics, Campitor, Chess, Chinese, Clouds Bob Ross, Dance Team, DDD!, GSA, HOSA, ISAG, Search & Rescue, Spikeball, STEP, Tabletop, X-Factor
11:30 - 11:55am
Business 101, CA Ambassadors, CERT, Christian AG, Dance Around World, FBLA, H/LAG, Immigrant, Jewish AG, MUN, Mtn Biking, SGE, World Building
NHS, Open Studio, Trivia/Brain Games, WISE
App, Asian Amer AG, Bookies/Cookies, Classics,  French, German, Healthy Eating, iNKBLOT, Knitting, Robotics
Schedule
May 11-22          AP exams
May 21                Last day of classes for seniors
May 22                Baccalaureate –7 p.m.
May 25                Memorial Day—no classes
May 26                Snow Day—no classes
May 29                Upper School Awards Assembly—1 p.m.
June 5                 Last day of classes for students in grades 9-11
August 1             Class of 2020 Graduation
Have a lovely week!
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
