Salutations, esteemed students.
As we glide into the middle of May, we begin AP tests for 11th and 12th graders, and we start the countdown for seniors, who are done on May 22nd.   As well, we are clarifying the end of the year—those two weeks after the seniors are done with classes.  Early next week, we will be able to provide more information about locker clean out, library book collection, and yearbook distribution.
It’s been a long trimester for a number of obvious reasons, and the pace of the next two weeks will only make the end that much busier.  For that reason, we will have an Upper School Snow Day on Tuesday, May 26th.  What does that mean?  You won’t have any classes or asynchronous work in the Upper School.  Think of it as a bonus vacation day after Memorial Day.  In addition, on Friday, May 29th, we will have our Upper School Awards Assembly starting at 1 p.m.  Yes, it will be virtual.  No, we will not have classes that day.
It’s been a strange end to the year.  But once again, I am appreciative of your humor, your willingness to support each other, you ability to engage in challenging circumstances, and your quirky Zoom backgrounds.
For more bits of goodness, please continue reading.
Kudos
*	Bravo to the Emotional Health students who—with Ms. Monds’s help—are offering stress-relieving options to the students prepping for AP tests.
*	Kudos to Allie Chandler, who “won the Catalyst for Change Prize at the 2020 GOA Catalyst Conference.”  The judges at the Global Online Academy added, “We had 356 projects presented at the conference; 77 of them received GOA Citations; six of them, including [Allie’s], are now receiving the Catalyst for Change Prize. Congratulations!”
*	Thank you, too, to all student leaders who are making sure that we support each other in a variety of ways.
AP test schedule this week
Courtesy of the College Board, here are the AP tests for this week.  Juniors and seniors, please remember to follow the instructions that the College Board is sending you regarding preparation for the test.
*	Monday: Physics C: Mechanics; Physics C: Electricity and Magnetism; US Government and Politics
*	Tuesday: Latin; Calculus AB and BC; Human Geography
*	Wednesday: Physics 2: Algebra-Based; English Literature and Composition; European History
*	Thursday Spanish Literature and Culture; Chemistry; Physics 1: Algebra-Based
*	Friday: Art History; US History; Computer Science A
As a reminder, if you are taking an AP test, you may miss your synchronous classes that afternoon.
Survey results
The prompt from last week: Monday is May 4th, one of those dates that has turned into a popular punning reference.  Star Wars aficionados, and even those slightly familiar with the films, take the opportunity to declare, may the fourth be with you.  In honor of May 4th, please let us know which film dynasty you prefer.
*	34.65% Avengers
*	28.35%               Harry Potter
*	26.77%  Star Wars
*	7.09% Other
*	3.15% Star Trek
In the comments section, several other series were mentioned, including Shrek, Lord of the Rings, Mission Impossible, and Game of Thrones (but not season 8).
And then someone added this analysis:
This is not another choice, but I'd like to argue that the Star Wars prequels had so much potential that they should be revamped. There were so many great narratives to follow, such as the fall of a democracy in the midst of inequality and corruption or the never-ending guilt a small boy from a desert planet puts himself through after he is freed from the destructive cycle of his community, yet his mother is left behind. The ultimate failings of the prequels is in the cheesy dialogue and horribly drawn out scenes. We've seen before that the prequels can be fleshed out and developed into compelling storylines with The Clone Wars and prequel comics. The prequels have a fascinating story to tell, and one relevant to today. They deserve a second chance. Plus, we can add more space lasers (pew pew).
I love it.
*	We are taking a break from surveys this week, but we will return with one next week.  I am open to suggestions.
Clubs
Time / Day
Tues
Wed
Thurs
11-11:25am
300 Seconds, ACSL, Apiary, CA SEEDS, CA Steppers, COEXIST, Conservatives, Investment, Lit Mag, Outdoors, Philosophy, Role Play, SciOly, Spanish, StuCo, Tech Theater, Tri-M
Delta Committees, Math, Startup Challenge, USAYPT
African American AG, Basketball Analytics, Campitor, Chess, Chinese, Clouds Bob Ross, Dance Team, DDD!, GSA, HOSA, ISAG, Search & Rescue, Spikeball, STEP, Tabletop, X-Factor
11:30 - 11:55am
Business 101, CA Ambassadors, CERT, Christian AG, Dance Around World, FBLA, H/LAG, Immigrant, Jewish AG, MUN, Mtn Biking, SGE, World Building
NHS, Open Studio, Trivia/Brain Games, WISE
App, Asian Amer AG, Bookies/Cookies, Classics,  French, German, Healthy Eating, iNKBLOT, Knitting, Robotics
Schedule
May 11-22          AP exams
May 21                Last day of classes for seniors
May 22                Baccalaureate
May 25                Memorial Day—no classes
May 26                Snow Day—no classes
May 29                Upper School Awards Assembly—1 p.m.
June 5                 Last day of classes for students in grades 9-11
Have a lovely week.
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
