Salutations, esteemed students.
The news this week reminded all of us that while we are working through one pandemic, the other one continues to rage—the one centered on the lack of equality and equity.  Black communities continue to work under the constant pressure of threats to their safety, to their lives. The Asian and Asian-American communities continue to deal with the rise in hate crimes.  And this past Thursday, the Sikh community experienced violence yet again.
Several adults with whom I spoke on Friday mentioned feeling overwhelmed given the weight of the pressures, all coming to bear through the news of trials and killings over the past few days, which only echo years and decades and centuries of violence.
It feels bleak.  Again.
In that context on Friday afternoon, several US administrators and I listened to a presentation by leaders of COEXIST.  Those 12th graders gave specific suggestions about how to make our community stronger, to help it embrace diversity, equity, inclusion, and anti-racism more effectively.
Implicit in their words was the message that we cannot undo four hundred years of racism and violence in our nation, but our individual actions can make small differences in our community right now.  And right now, even small differences are important.
Thank you to the COEXIST leaders, as well as all the affinity groups, for their convictions, for their willingness to ask that we make positive changes in our community.  We can’t make the world perfect—at least not right now.  But we can make Cary Academy better.
In the final weeks of this school year, please continue to support each other.  Continue to push back against this other pandemic.  Continue to ask that important question: how can we make our community better?
Regarding other, less important matters:
Dress Code
Please follow it.  If you have questions, ask a dean.
Parking and Driving
Nice job with parking and driving, considering all the people back on campus.  Just three reminders
o   Eschew parking in the administration lot.
o   Be careful driving through the US lot, making sure you are watching for pedestrians.
o   Be careful walking through the US lot, making sure you are watching for drivers.
Kudos
*	Mrs. Maret Jones and StuCo organized an Upper School movie night.  Thank you to those who organized and/or attended.
*	From last week’s drawing, I offer a shout out to Meirav Solomon, who offered this caption: Rhino says to the charger: “I’m too busy to sign your yearbook! I’m refreshing Blackbaud!”
*	CA’s Math League team finished overall in 5th place in our 21-state division! Eric Ye ’24 was recognized individually for finishing 22nd overall through all six regular season contests. Other top-scoring students this year included:
Tommy Frank ’21
Aarav Gupta ‘22
Katherine He ‘22
Christopher Kelly ‘24
Nitya Nalamothu ‘23
Angelika Wang ‘24
Emily Wang ‘22
*	Katherine He ’22 also earned very special individual recognition from the Mathematical Association of America, which sponsors the American Mathematics Competition (AMC):  she was a recipient of the 2021 Akamai AMC 12 B Certificate of Excellence, as one of the top five scorers for the AMC 12B in our MAA section.
COVID testing
Want or need to take a COVID test?  CA provides that opportunity.  All students are eligible. Testing is from 2:30pm to 5:30pm Tuesdays in the Dining Hall.
AP tests
If you are going to take an AP test, then please know the following:
*	Peruse this link for updated info from the College Board: https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/about-ap-2021/updates/digital-exams/preview
*	Know that the AP English Literature Exam for CA students will be an at-home computer-based exam taken on Tuesday, May 18th, beginning at noon.
*	Know that the AP US History Exam for CA students will be an at-home computer-based exam taken on Wednesday, May 19th, beginning at noon.
*	Look for more information soon about excused absences the morning before an AP exam or the afternoon prior to a morning exam.
Clubs
US Club Rotation for 2020-21 (Ginger Weeks)
Mon
8-8:35
I
Mock Trial, Social Justice (Ginger), USAYPT - Lava Lamp
Mon
8:35-9:10
300 Seconds, App Design, Math, StuCo
Tues
8-8:35
K
Conservatives, DECA (Ginger), USAYPT - Impact Craters
Tues
8:35-9:10
Dance Around the World (Ginger), Future Business Leaders of America (Ginger), iNKBLOT,  Investment Club, Liberals, NHS (Ginger)
Tues
2:45-3:05
300 Seconds, Chess, Classy Classics, Spanish (Ginger)
HOSA (Ginger), Outdoors (Ginger), Philosophy (Ginger), Science Olympiad
Tues
3:05-3:30
ACSL, Chinese (Ginger), Jewish AG, Lit Mag (Ginger), Multicutural AG (Ginger), Students for Gender Equality (Ginger)
Friday
8-8:35
Mock Trial, Model UN, Tabletop Roleplaying Games, USAYPT - Chatter Ring
Friday
8:35-9:10
Tri-M Music Service Club (Ginger)
Friday
2:45-3:05
Bee Club (Ginger), GSA (Ginger)
CA Steppers (Ginger), Film, ISAG (Ginger), Robotics, Share the Music (Ginger), Space Settlement
Friday
3:05-3:30
CALM - Cary Academy Living Mindfully (Ginger), Sailing Club (Ginger), Shifting the Educational Paradigm
Upcoming Dates
4/28                 Flex Day Social Institute required meeting
5/12                 Thursday classes will take place on a Wednesday
5/13                 THURSDAY—Flex Day (Teachers will be packing up US classrooms)
5/20                 Senior Celebration + 9th grade ERBs
5/21                 Graduation + 9th grade ERBs
5/24-6/4          Discovery Term
Have a supportive week.
Mr. Follet
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
