Salutations, esteemed students.
Happy beautiful spring.  As we work our way toward the end of the trimester, make sure to take a few minutes to enjoy the loveliness around you.
Have a good week!
Mr. Follet
This Week
Monday:  Revel in the beauty that is a spring day in North Carolina.
Tuesday:  Given the number of games in the afternoon, all student who park by the tennis courts should park on the hill.
Wednesday:  Senior lunch.  Bon appetit!
Thursday:  Due to the Special Olympics set up, all students park on the hill.
Friday:  Due to the Special Olympics Games, all students park on the hill.
Kudos
*	CA participated in the NC Science Olympiad State Tournament this weekend: we placed 3rd in Chem Lab; 8th in Circuit Lab, Geologic Mapping,  and Water Quality; and 9th in Experimental Design. More results will be coming out soon.
*	Kudos, too, to the students who organized, volunteered in, or provided artwork for the InterAct art auction this weekend.
*	Otter won the pet survey.  Elephant was not amused.
AP Test Info
Dear juniors and seniors, if you haven’t completed the pre-registration for your AP tests, please contact Ms. Arnette Ejire, our testing coordinator, as soon as possible.  After completing the pre-registration, you will receive your AP exam schedule.  As well, we will be listing out the exams and room usage in this email, beginning next week. One final note: during AP exam time, U200—the room beside the college counseling suite—will be off limits to students and faculty, as it will be used to stage the AP tests.
Clubs
*	Apr 29: 300 Seconds, ACSL, CA Steppers, CERT, FBLA, Glee, Indoor Track, JAG, MUN, Mountain Biking, Open Art Studio, SciOly, Tech Teater, USAYPT, Weight Training, WISE, World Building
"
*	May 2: Entrepreneurship, Lit Mag, Math, Muslim AG, NHS, Open Art Studio, StuCo, Teens Who Give a Hand, Trivia, USAYPT
*	May 3: 300 Seconds, AAAG, App Design, Asian Amer AG, Book, CA Green, CAG, Chess, CFO, Dance, DDD!, French, GSA, Girl Up, iNKBLOT, Investment, Robotics, SCUBA, Search/Rescue, S.T.E.P., USAYPT, X-Factor
Upcoming Dates
4/30                     College Admissions Testing 101 for CA Sophomores and Families (7 p.m.)
5/4                       CA 5k
5/6-5/17             AP exams
5/23                     US End-of-Year Celebration
5/24                     Graduation
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
