Salutations, esteemed students.
Happy second full week of virtual classes. During the next five days, we will embrace our virtuality, courtesy of two important activities. The seniors will enjoy the virtual Senior College Night on Monday. On Wednesday, all US students will be able to participate in some way in the virtual Club Fair. More information should be coming soon.
As a reminder, when you are on campus, please continue to practice the three W’s: wear a mask, wash your hands, and wait (making sure you are six feet apart from each other).
Have a spiffy week.
This Week
Monday: You will meet A-D blocks. Senior College Night also takes place this evening, virtually.
Tuesday: You will meet E-G blocks and advisory.
Wednesday: We will enjoy our virtual Club Fair, along with other Flex Day activities. See Dr. McElreath’s email for more details.
Thursday: You will meet A-D blocks.
Friday: You will meet E-G blocks and advisory.
Schedule updates
*	Just a reminder: Add/Drop ends on August 28th.
*	9th graders, you do not have room in your schedule for more than 1 elective this year. Pandemic protocols for spacing, the need to fluctuate seamlessly between virtual and cohorts, and the integrity of our arts programs are the reasons driving this decision. As a result, you’ll need to either take a yearlong elective or choose one elective each semester, or even take a free period.
*	9th and 10th grader, this year, your classes called Health I (for 9th graders) and Health II (for 10th graders) will be fully virtual through The Virtual High School, one of our trusted online learning centers. This means that you will not have a designated block in your schedule to complete the course, but you will be expected to complete the course either fall or spring semester; it will be self-paced. The fall course will start on September 15th.
Upcoming dates
8/24 Senior College Night, the virtual edition
8/26 Virtual Club Fair
9/4 US Town Hall
9/7 Labor Day—no school
9/8 Classes may move to orange mode, with cohorts on campus two times per week
10/9 Semester 1 midterm
11/16-11/27 Thanksgiving Break
12/18 Last day of Semester 1
Have a good week!
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
