Salutations, esteemed learners.
Welcome back!  Trimester Two starts tomorrow with much joy, no trepidation (I hope), and likely some hilarity.  On that note, please check your schedules, as some of your classes may have shifted, especially your trimester courses.  One additional note: 9th graders, we are running a prototype; this trimester, we are not automatically assigning you to study halls during your free period.  Rather, you will have unstructured time in which to work. Please use this new freedom wisely, making thoughtful choices that keep you in-bounds, literally and metaphorically.
The faculty and staff all look forward to seeing you tomorrow.  Enjoy tonight before we begin a second trimester of adventure.
For all the necessary details of the next few weeks, see below.
Regards,
Mr. Follet
This Week
We have a set of normal days this week, and unless we have unexpected parking demands, you can park in all the appropriate locales.  Just remember: unless you have permission from the US office, the parking lots are all off limits during the school day.
Notices
Before break, you may have noticed the parachute hanging from the balcony close to the Environmental Science room in the CMS.  Allie Chandler and Armita Jamshidi have provided these details:
“We implemented the Mother Earth Project and decorated a parachute that would represent CA at the Global Climate Strike in Raleigh on September 20th, 2019. Handprints and signatures were collected before leaving for the strike to represent CA’s involvement and support for the movement, and while we were at the strike people came up and added their handprints alongside CA students’. These signatures represent the CA community and the outside community unified fighting for environmental justice. The parachute demonstrates that we are strong together, and together we can make a difference.”
Kudos
Mr. Noland let me know that the following students correctly solved the Math Problem of the Week before break:
Obinna Modilim
Loren Troan
Matthew Modi
Tommy Frank
Max Li
Clubs
*	Dec 2 - 300, ACSL, Business 101, CA Steppers, CA Ambassadors, CERT, Christian AG, Dance Around World, FBLA, H/LAG, Immigrant, Investment, Jewish AG, MUN, Mtn Biking, Open Studio, Outdoors, Role Play, SciOly, SGE, StuCo, Tech, World Building
*	Dec 5 - Math, NHS, Open Studio, Startup Challenge, Trivia/Brain Games, WISE
*	Dec 6 - 300, App, Asian Amer AG, Basketball Analytics, Bookies/Cookies, Chess, Classics, Clouds Bob Ross, Dance Team, DDD!, French, German, GSA, iNKBLOT, Knitting, Robotics, Search & Rescue, Spikeball, STEP, USAYPT, X-Factor
Upcoming Dates
12/2      Trimester 2 begins
12/5      US/MS Band Concert
12/17    PTAA hot chocolate and donuts
12/19    Wacky Olympics—altered schedule
12/20    Pep Rally and Homecoming—altered schedule
12/21-1/5           Holiday break
1/6        Classes begin again
1/17      T2 midterm
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
