Salutations, esteemed students.
Kudos to the students, faculty, and staff who organized and led many of the discussions at last week’s Triangle Diversity Alliance conference.  At one point, one of the visiting students was astounded to learn that Cary Academy high-schoolers were leading several of the seminars, which speaks to your willingness to address weighty issues.
Thank you, too, for all who were involved with Friday’s MLK speaker.  Mr. Perez offered a thoughtful, nuanced analysis of his experiences, and you responded with respectful, nuanced questions—the perfect start to the MLK holiday.
We start the week with another set of speakers, courtesy of the National Honor Society.  Please see the calendar for the exact schedule.
Here are the notes for the week and beyond.
This Week’s Schedule
*	Tuesday: we will enjoy the NHS speaker series #2; we will run an altered schedule.
*	Wednesday: we will run a normal schedule.
*	Thursday:  we will run a normal schedule, but we will likely ask students to park on the hill due to a parent coffee in the morning.
*	Friday: we will run a normal schedule.  Midterms should also be published by this point.
A Few Reminders
We will have the US Semi-Formal Dance this Saturday.  If you are planning to attend, and you want to bring a non-CA guest, you must provide the following to Mrs. Maret Jones or Mrs. Eason before the dance: the guest’s name, the name of the guest’s parent or guardian, and a phone number for the parent or guardian.  Please introduce the guest to one of the administrators when you arrive.
Also, as a reminder, our dance attendance rules remain in place.  After you arrive at the dance, you may not leave and then return.
Finally, during Community Time, please avoid using the SEA or FC gym; Middle School classes use those spaces.
Kudos
The Science Olympiad team, our Model UN team, and our Debate Team all enjoyed competitions this weekend.  Bravo to the students, the faculty, and the parents who participated in the fun.
Clubs
*	Jan 24: Entrepreneurship, Lit Mag, Math, Muslim AG, NHS, Open Art Studio, StuCo, Teens Who Give a Hand, Trivia, USAYPT
*	Jan 25: 300 Seconds, AAAG, App Design, Asian Amer AG, Book, CA Green, CAG, Chess, CFO, Dance, DDD!, French, GSA, Girl Up, iNKBLOT, Investment, Robotics, SCUBA, Search/Rescue, S.T.E.P., USAYPT, X-Factor
Upcoming Dates
1/22                     NHS Speaker Series #2 (altered schedule online)
1/26                     US Winter Semi-Formal dance
2/5                       Town Hall
2/7-2/9               The Music Man
2/22                     Career Connections/Half Day/Last day of the trimester
Have a good week!
Mr. Follet
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
