Salutations, esteemed students.
Happy last week of school before we enjoy Discovery Term, starting next week.  Good luck as you finish classes and complete your grade-specific activities this week, and congratulations to our seniors!
As well, many of you have gotten—or will receive—the COVID vaccine.  For the sake of privacy, please refrain from asking others about whether they have been vaccinated or not.
Kudos
*	As CA becomes an increasingly green community, the Upper School is excited to announce the creation of a new student leader position, Chief Environmental and Sustainability Officer (CESO). This student leader will coordinate all environmental efforts on campus by facilitating collaboration and increasing publicity to drive a consolidated vision of sustainability at CA. For the 2021-2022 school year, Sydney Tai ('22) will be the first to serve as CESO. She has co-led the environmental club, CA Seeds, for the past two years and established relationships with the PTAA, Middle School Green Club, and Upper School administration.
*	Bravo to all of our spring sport athletes who braved the pollen and intriguing weather, let alone the challenges of normal competitions.
*	Kudos, too, to all those involved in The Theory of Relativity!  What an incredible performance.
*	Thank you, too, to the intrepid yearbook staff for completing a fantastic compendium during a curious year.
Lunch
Clean up after yourselves.  Clean up after your friends.  Keep the campus clean.  As well, please continue to follow the safety protocols, for your health and the health of the community.  Keep safe distances, and when you are not eating, make sure that you are wearing your masks. And when you have a moment, thank Chef Sam for bringing back all of your favorites—he is retiring at the end of this school year.
AP Information
Date
Morning Exam
Afternoon Exam
May 17
Stats
May 18
English Literature
May 19
US History
Students taking digital exams will automatically be excused the half-day before the exam.  Given these exams are afternoon exams and students will already be home, parents must email attendance@caryacademy.org <mailto:attendance@caryacademy.org>  ONLY if the student decides to attend classes instead of staying home to study/prep for the AP English Literature & Composition Exam on Tuesday, May 18th.
The AP United States History Exam is scheduled for Wednesday, May 19th and automatically exempt since this is a Flex Day.
Upcoming Dates
5/19 or 5/20     Pre-recorded US End-of-Year Celebration released
5/20                 Senior Celebration + 9th grade ERBs
5/21                 Graduation + 9th grade ERBs
5/24-6/4          Discovery Term
Happy week!
Mr. Follet
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
