Salutations, esteemed learners.
It was wonderful seeing so many of you on campus this past week.  Before we close out our extended, week-long Convocation, please enjoy these sagacious words from your student leaders: https://youtu.be/tsJg4z-3hL4  Many thanks to Michael Hayes, Aaron Yontz, and Steven O’Neill for taping and editing these speeches.
Now, enjoy the start of your classes!
This Week
Monday: classes begin.  You will meet A-D blocks.
Tuesday: classes continue.  You will meet E-G blocks and advisory.
Wednesday: Our first flex day!  See below for details.
Thursday: You will meet A-D blocks.
Friday: You will meet E-G blocks and advisory.
Schedule updates
Ms. Huntress Holland offers the following guidance:
Message for 9th graders:
*	You do not have room in your schedule for more than 1 elective this year. Pandemic protocols for spacing, the need to fluctuate seamlessly between virtual and cohorts, and the integrity of our arts programs are the reasons driving this decision.  As a result, you’ll need to either take a yearlong elective or choose one elective each semester, or even take a free period.
Message for 9th and 10th graders:
*	This year, your classes called Health I (for 9th graders) and Health II (for 10th graders) will be fully virtual through The Virtual High School, one of our trusted online learning centers.  This means that you will not have a designated block in your schedule to complete the course, but you will be expected to complete the course either fall or spring semester; it will be self-paced.  The fall course will start on September 15th.
Flex Day information
Dr. McElreath offers the following information about Flex Day:
Flex Day is a new opportunity for our community, and it will greatly expand our ability to schedule cool experiential learning opportunities, of all kinds. These will include events that help us build our own community, support the wider community through service, create art/tech/connections, and explore a huge range of topics that all of you can propose. It will take us a little time to fully realize its potential, but there are already some great options for you to choose this coming Wednesday. Please see the SignUp Genius at THIS LINK <https://www.signupgenius.com/go/30E0F48A4AF28A13-8192020>  and choose among those events available to your grade level. Note that some events have a limit on capacity, so the sooner you sign-up, the better. (The Center for Community Engagement, which coordinates Flex Days, would like sign-ups completed by Tuesday at 8am.) Email the contact person for each event if you have any questions.
In the times when you are not signed up for anything specific on the Flex Day calendar, we encourage you to still make the most of a flexible day for learning as well as tending to your needs. Here are 10 things you might do that require minimal/no screen time (culled from the recent Flex Day survey many of you completed):
1.	Read a book
2.	Make some music
3.	Learn sign language
4.	Take a hike
5.	Plan a new non-profit or business
6.	College research or apps (Seniors)
7.	Schedule a time to meet with a teacher
8.	Write your grandparents a real letter
9.	Play sports or games
10.	Visit someone who could use some company
Upcoming dates
8/17                    Classes start virtually
9/7                      Labor Day—no school
9/8                      Classes may move to orange mode, with cohorts on campus two times per week
10/9                    Semester 1 midterm
11/16-11/27      Thanksgiving Break
12/18                  Last day of Semester 1
Have a good week!
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
