Dear students,
This week, we celebrate the culmination of months of hard work by students, faculty, staff, and parents: we will have the opportunity to enjoy The Music Man.  Kudos to everyone involved, both on the stage and behind the scenes.
The timing of the play is perfect, as it reminds us of a truth: words matter.  This past week, I have witnessed positive examples, ways that you have supported each other in the classrooms, in the hallways, and during competitions.  Bravo to all of you who offered a supportive word (or a loud cheer, in the case of the swim team).  But I have also heard of negative examples in various venues.  To be clear: destructive language has no place in our school.  As members of the community, you are expected to follow the Statement of Community Values.  Should you have any questions about that statement, please see me or any other faculty or staff member.
This week
Monday: All student park by the tennis courts and lower fields.  We will also be running the Blood Drive in the morning, so access to the SEA lounge may be limited.
Tuesday: We will have grouped class meetings in lieu of a Town Hall.
Wednesday:  The schedule and parking should be normal.
Thursday: All student drivers should park either on Fire Drill Hill or by the tennis courts and lower fields.  We will send out more information later this week.
Friday:  The schedule and parking should be normal.
Reminders
Drive safely on campus.  Avoid driving the wrong way down one-way sections.  Keep to the posted speed.
Kudos
Last weekend, the Cary Academy USAYPT team participated in a challenging physics tournament out of state.  Kudos to the students and chaperones who attended.
In addition, this weekend, CA’s Science Olympiad team competed, scoring well enough to earn a bid for the state Science Olympiad tournament at the end of April.
Finally, see Katie Grush’s email about the Class of 2020’s excellent service project.
Clubs
*	Feb 4:  300 Seconds, ACSL, CA Steppers, CERT, FBLA, Glee, Indoor Track, JAG, MUN, Mountain Biking, Open Art Studio, SciOly, Tech Teater, USAYPT, Weight Training, WISE, World Building
*	Feb 7: Entrepreneurship, Lit Mag, Math, Muslim AG, NHS, Open Art Studio, StuCo, Teens Who Give a Hand, Trivia, USAYPT
*	Feb 8: 300 Seconds, AAAG, App Design, Asian Amer AG, Book, CA Green, CAG, Chess, CFO, Dance, DDD!, French, GSA, Girl Up, iNKBLOT, Investment, Robotics, Search/Rescue, S.T.E.P., USAYPT, X-Factor
Upcoming Dates
2/5                       Formerly Town Hall, now grouped grade level meetings
2/7-2/9               The Music Man
2/22                     Career Connections/Half Day/Last day of the trimester
3/12                     Special speaker—altered schedule in the afternoon, which will be announced
3/19                     New Course Registration Assembly
3/26                     NHS Assembly—modified schedule
3/28-3/29           Advisor-Advisee-Parent meetings
Have a good week!
Mr. Follet
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
