Salutations, esteemed learners.
Last week, as we were engaging in the unknown that was (and continues to be) the start of T3, I took a break and opened The Campitor on my computer.  I read through the articles, enjoying both the serious and sardonic  pieces, when I came to page 6, and I perused a review of The Good Place.  Over the past several years, I’ve slid in and out of watching the television series, so I was curious about Claire Ferris’s take.  Unsurprisingly, she provided an insightful examination, arriving at a singular question, one which I will misquote slightly, because it is incredibly relevant now: what do we owe each other?
Claire posits that all of us will have slightly different answers, and I agree.  However, during this spring of COVID-19, I suspect that all of us will have similar response: we owe each other support, understanding, compassion, humor, and patience--and that’s just to start.
In the interest of support, this week, we will continue the experiment of full immersive virtual learning.  I’ve already received feedback from teachers and some students: if we continue this grand experiment past March 27th, we will look at ways to create “passing” time between classes; we will consider how we can change the number of classes per day; and we will work to create low-stress meetings for advisory.  Clubs will also be on the table as a means of ensuring community.
I invite you to email me by Monday at noon if you want us to consider other ways to revise the schedule, all with an eye toward building support for each other.
As we look at other aspects of the school year, please know that Mrs. Holland will be reaching out tomorrow with a revised—and low stress—plan to let you know about classes for next year, along with a plan to sign up for courses.
For those of you concerned about AP tests, on Friday the College Board released their revisions for this year’s tests.  You can see the site yourself, but here are the highlights:
1.	All AP tests will be virtual.  The dates will be determined, but there should be some flexibility.
2.	All AP tests (except for certain portfolio versions) will be 45-minutes long.  Yes, you read that correctly: 45-minutes long.  The types of questions will be announced by April 3rd.
3.	All AP tests will test on material covered during the first 2/3 of a typical AP class.  The material that would typically be covered during March, April, and May will not appear on the test.
See the College Board website for more details.
On Wednesday, Dr. Ehrhardt will announce our plans for the following weeks.  If we are going to continue virtual classes, we will send out the revised schedule at that time.  In the meantime, continue to consider how we can help each other, to further paraphrase Claire’s question.
Toward that end, I leave you with a piece from that Meme Maestro, Alexandra Ellison.
Stay healthy, and keep your sense of humor.
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
