Salutations, esteemed learners.
We loved having you back on campus last week.  Here’s to an exciting full week of classes, one with an altered schedule.  For that, I apologize; we were working on several plans that never came to fruition, but those possible plans needed us to move the days around a bit.
This Week
For your clarification, here’s the week:
*	Monday: normal Monday A Schedule classes.
*	Tuesday: normal Tuesday B Schedule classes.
*	Wednesday: Thursday A Schedule classes.  (In other words, you go to the classes you would normally attend on a Thursday.  For many of you, that includes a one-day-per-week art or computer science class).
*	Thursday: Friday B Schedule classes. (In other words, you go to the classes you would normally attend on a Friday.  For many of you, that includes a one-day-per-week art or computer science class).
*	Friday: Modified C schedule with Club Fair at the end of the day.  We will NOT have any art or computer science courses this day UNLESS those classes are core academic classes—Advanced Art or Advanced Computer Science, for example.  See the attached document for the schedule.
Other details
*	Thank you for moving through the lunch lines so efficiently.  Please remember to clean up after you have finished eating, placing your lunch detritus in the trashcans.
*	We will be taking school photos on Thursday.  Look for more information about where and when.
*	On Friday afternoon at 2:45, we will have our annual Club Fair.  Look for information from Dr. McElreath about that joyous festival.
Upcoming Dates
8.18                     A Schedule with Thursday classes
8.19.21                B Schedule with Friday classes
8.20.21                Modified C Schedule with Club Fair
8.25.21                Last day for Semester 1 Add/Drop
10.8.21                Midterm
12.17.21             End of semester
Have a spiffy week!
Mr. Follet
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
Pronouns: he/him/his
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
