Esteemed learners,
I hope you are doing well, and that you are enjoying this weather.
This week, we will start our new schedule, meet in advisory, and begin clubs.  As well, StuCo and X-Factor have announced virtual Spirit Days; please see the email from Mrs. Maret Jones and Claire Marshall about what to wear when, and how to accrue points for your grade.
Schedule
*	We will begin our new schedule on Monday.  See my email from this past Wednesday, or peruse the attached PDF should you need a reminder.
*	Advisory has been built into the schedule.  At this point, it’s an opportunity for you to meet with your advisor and fellow advisees, just to chat and check in.
*	The advisors will still be working with students in grades 9-11 to plan courses for next year; see Mrs. Holland’s email from last week about those details (and opportunities)!
*	Remember to send your advisor the rough draft for your classes by this Friday, April 3rd.
*	We will also begin clubs.  Here are the time slots, courtesy of Dr. McElreath and his scheduling wizardry.  You and your club are not required to meet, but we wanted to provide you with the option, should you desire.
Time / Day
Tues
Wed
Thurs
11-11:25am
300 Seconds, ACSL, Apiary, CA SEEDS, CA Steppers, COEXIST, Conservatives, Investment, Lit Mag, Outdoors, Philosophy, Role Play, SciOly, Spanish, StuCo, Tech Theater, Tri-M
Delta Committees, Math, Startup Challenge, USAYPT
African American AG, Basketball Analytics, Campitor, Chess, Chinese, Clouds Bob Ross, Dance Team, DDD!, GSA, HOSA, ISAG, Search & Rescue, Spikeball, STEP, Tabletop, X-Factor
11:30 - 11:55am
Business 101, CA Ambassadors, CERT, Christian AG, Dance Around World, FBLA, H/LAG, Immigrant, Jewish AG, MUN, Mtn Biking, SGE, World Building
NHS, Open Studio, Trivia/Brain Games, WISE
App, Asian Amer AG, Bookies/Cookies, Classics,  French, German, Healthy Eating, iNKBLOT, Knitting, Robotics
Reagan Canady offered a thoughtful suggestion, one that I am going to employ.  Each week, I will give you a link to a survey, one of monumental importance.  If you so choose, please click the link, answer the survey, and await the vital results in the coming “This Week” email.  Click here <https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/FY3H5T8>  for this week’s survey.  I am open to suggestion for other items that need to be asked as well.
Upcoming dates
March 30            Start new revised schedule
April 3                 Grades 9-11, drafts of courses for next year due to advisors
April 10               No school
April 17               Virtual Advisor-Advisee-Parent conferences
Have a spiffy week!
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
