Esteemed learners,
What a wonderful Halloween week!  You developed inventive hallway presentations, ones that earned accolades from all who visited.  As well, you set up and cleaned up efficiently; thank you for that attention to detail, especially considering that Grandparents’ and Special Friends’ Day took place on November 1st.
The next few days, as you finish your final essays, projects, and tests during the penultimate week of the trimester, please remember that we will host a large number of visitors on campus, courtesy of the CA Holiday Shoppe.  See the details below regarding parking and access to the experience, but in general, the CMS lobby will be closed as we prepare for, and run, the Holiday Shoppe.
You are, of course, welcome to purchase items during the hours of operation on Thursday and Friday.  Please eschew bringing backpacks into the Shoppe, though.
This Week:
Monday: CMS Lobby closed for Holiday Shoppe preparations.
Tuesday: CMS Lobby closed for the remainder of the week.  Students should NOT park in the US lot.  You may park on the hill or by the tennis courts. No senior off-campus lunch.
Wednesday: Students should NOT park in the US lot.  You may park on the hill or by the tennis courts.  No senior off-campus lunch.  All students must be off campus by 6 p.m.
Thursday: All student drivers park by the tennis courts or lower fields.  No senior off-campus lunch.
Friday: All student drivers park by the tennis courts or lower fields.  No senior off-campus lunch.
Kudos
Bravo to all who worked on the Halloween Hallway contest, and a special shout out to the 11th grade for their truly creepy hallway.  This week, if you have a chance, please come to the Chorus Concert.
College Visits
Monday, November 4
8:10 am
Lenoir-Rhyne University
9:00 am
Sweet Briar College
11:40 am
University of Delaware
Tuesday, November 5
8:10 am
Rider University
1:10 pm
Salisbury University
Thursday, November 7
2:00 pm
Hofstra University
Friday, November 8
1:10 pm
Guilford College
Clubs
*	Nov 4 - 300, ACSL, Business 101, CA Steppers, CA Ambassadors, CERT, Christian AG, Dance Around World, FBLA, H/LAG, Immigrant, Investment, Jewish AG, MUN, Mtn Biking, Open Studio, Role Play, SciOly, SGE, StuCo, Tech, World Building
*	Nov 7 - Math, NHS, Open Studio, Startup Challenge, Trivia/Brain Games, WISE
*	Nov 8 – (all Friday clubs meet, due to lost club time the past few weeks) 300, App, African Amer AG, Asian Amer AG, Basketball Analytics, Bookies/Cookies, Campitor, Chess, Chinese, Classics, Clouds Bob Ross, Dance Team, DDD!, French, GSA, Healthy Eating, HOSA, iNKBLOT, ISAG, Knitting, Robotics, Search & Rescue, Spikeball, STEP, Tabletop USAYPT, X-Factor
Upcoming Dates
11/4-11/9           CMS lobby closed for Holiday Shoppe
11/4      US PTAA Stressbuster Snack at 2:45
11/5      Choral Music Concert
11/13    Orchestra Concert
11/14    US Glowstick Dance
11/15    Last day of the trimester—half day
12/2      Trimester 2 begins
Have a good week!
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
