Salutations, esteemed learners.
An Upper School student reached out to me this weekend, asking me to remind the Upper School student body of the world outside our walls.  He specifically mentioned the sacrifices of 13 American troops who died in a suicide bombing outside the Kabul airport this past Thursday, an attack that also led to 169 Afghan deaths.
The student’s request is important: it reminds us that we need to be cognizant of people’s stories, their histories that are actually our histories.
And even as I am writing this note, reflecting on the student comment, I am watching the news, watching as history is unfortunately being made again, just a little closer to home: a massive hurricane is barreling into Louisiana, more or less on the 16th anniversary of Katrina, the storm that killed thousands.
Some days, it feels as if our lives are bound by the bubble of CA.  Ultimately, though, our lives extend beyond those boundaries; we are members of a larger community.  And for the health of that community, we need to honor stories, to hear each other, to act for—and to act with—the people around us, literally and figuratively.
Thank you to all of you who search for ways to honor, support, and celebrate our larger communities.
Now, for the quotidian details of the week:
This week
We will enjoy a normal week with our first X Day.  Remember, on Wednesday we start the day at 9:15 with advisory, unless you are on a trip that leaves earlier.
Masks
Thank you to the all the students who have been wearing masks diligently and correctly.  Please continue to do so.  To those of you who chronically struggle to wear your masks correctly, please know that you will be invited to chat with an administrator about respecting the health of our community if mask-wearing continues to be an issue.
College Rep Visits for Juniors and Seniors
*	This year, college reps are able to visit in-person, as well as over Zoom. They are eager to meet with you!
*	The college visits are posted in multiple locations: on the SCOIR calendar, on the Seniors and Juniors College Counseling Group Bulletin Board in Blackbaud, and in my "Week to Come" e-mails. You must register to attend a session on SCOIR.  In person meetings will be held in the College Resource Room, U235.  For virtual meetings, the Zoom link will be posted under "Meeting Link" in SCOIR.
*	If you have any questions, please contact Ms. Diana Stelmack (diana_stelmack@caryacademy.org <mailto:diana_stelmack@caryacademy.org> ) in the College Counseling Office.
College Rep Visits this week:
Reminders:
1.                 If you will miss any portion of a class you must ask permission of the teacher to attend the college visit PRIOR to the class.  The decision will be left up to each teacher as to whether you can miss class time.
2.                 All in-person college visitors will meet in the Conference Room (U235) unless otherwise designated.
3.                 All virtual visits will have a Zoom link that can be found when in SCOIR.
4.                 Tablets may be used with permission of the college visitor.
5.                 Make sure you come with questions to ask the college representative.
6.                 As always, food and drink are not allowed in the Conference Room.
Monday, August 30
8:30 am
St. Thomas University
See SCOIR for Zoom link
Wednesday, September 1
9:00 am
UNC at Charlotte
In-person in this room
10:00 am
University of Georgia
See SCOIR for Zoom link
11:00 am
University of Miami
See SCOIR for Zoom link
1:00 pm
Oglethorpe University
See SCOIR for Zoom link
2:00 pm
University of South Carolina
See SCOIR for Zoom link
Friday, September 3
8:30 am
University of Alabama
In-person in this room
Clubs
We have clubs this week.  Look for meeting locations and times soon.
Upcoming Dates
9.6.21                  No School
9.7.21                  No School
9.8.21                  C Day Schedule
9.9.21                  Juniors park in the US Lot.  Fire Drill Hill closed.
9.16 and 9.17     No School
10.8.21                Midterm
12.17.21             End of semester
Regards,
Mr. Follet
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
Pronouns: he/him/his
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
