Salutations, esteemed students.
Congratulations--you’ve almost made it to the end of Trimester Two!  And even better, at the end of this week, you can enjoy assorted Career Connection presentations, engaging with adults who are offering their thoughts about careers, life, and education.
After this Friday, I hope that you take some time to relax, to unplug, to put down your phones.  Once we return, the pace will pick up again, as students in grades 9-11 begin thinking about courses for next year, and we embrace all the Trimester Three festivities of Prom, AP exams, Graduation, Discovery Term, and trips.
But first, enjoy this week, and have a relaxing break.
This Week
Monday through Thursday—we will follow normal schedules.
Friday—We will enjoy Career Connections on this half day.  School dismisses at noon.  Student drivers will likely need to park by the tennis courts or on Fire Drill Hill; look for more information soon.
Kudos
Bravo to all the CA community members who offered us an incredible version of The Music Man!  A loud “hooray!” too, to all of our winter athletes, including our swim teams, who continued to their winning ways at States.
Clubs
*	Feb 18: 300 Seconds, ACSL, CA Steppers, CERT, FBLA, Glee, Indoor Track, JAG, MUN, Mountain Biking, Open Art Studio, SciOly, Tech Teater, USAYPT, Weight Training, WISE, World Building
*	Feb 21: Entrepreneurship, Lit Mag, Math, Muslim AG, NHS, Open Art Studio, StuCo, Teens Who Give a Hand, Trivia, USAYPT
Upcoming Dates
2/22                     Career Connections/Half Day/Last day of the trimester
3/12                     Special speaker—altered schedule in the afternoon, which will be announced
3/19                     New Course Registration Assembly
3/26                     NHS Assembly—modified schedule
3/28-3/29           Advisor-Advisee-Parent meetings
Regards,
Mr. Follet
Robin Follet
Head of Upper School
CARY ACADEMY
1500 N. Harrison Avenue
Cary, North Carolina 27513
919.228.4517
caryacademy.org <http://caryacademy.org/>
